DOCS-#2986: Document `modin.experimental.engines.{pandas_on_ray, pyarrow_on_ray}` (#3005)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/experimental/experimental.rst

:orphan:

Experimental Modules Overview
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> In some cases Modin can give user the opportunity to extend (not modify) typical pandas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases Modin can give the user the opportunity to extend (not modify) typical pandas
```

> API or to try not compeletely tested functionality in order to get more flexibility or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API or to try new functionality in order to get more flexibility or
```

> to increase the performance gain. In that cases, depending on exact experimental feature,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on exact the experimental feature, the
```

Reviewer: Yes, @vnlitvinov. That is correct.

> user will need to install additional packages, set environment variables or replace standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user may need to install additional packages, change configurations or replace the standard
```

Modin import statement ``import modin.pandas as pd`` with modified version
``import modin.experimental.pandas as pd``. For concreate experimental feature example, please

> refer to the needed link from the :ref:`directory tree <directory-tree>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the desired link from the :ref:`directory tree <directory-tree>`.
```
